Let's look at chatgui.cpp.
We have on it at the top, from ChatBotApp,
and as you can see here, this instantiates the frame, which is then shown.
This is the constructor of the frame.
There's nothing very interesting in here.
We instantiate the ChatBotPanelDialogue.
We add some spaces,
and we add some GUI elements.
This is all not very interesting here.
This is basically a boilerplate code to construct the graphical user interface.
Then it gets a bit more interesting.
This is the opener capture,
and when we press the Enter key after we have entered some text into the text control,
this userText gets captured,
it gets added to a dialogue item in the panel dialogue,
and then we send the user text to the chatbot via this line here.
In that panel dialogue,
we get the handle to the ChatLogic instance,
and then we call it SentMessageToChatbot function in this ChatLogic instance,
and we simply send the string to it.
We have to convert this proprietary string here to an stl string.
This is what this line is about.
This mb_str is the wx widgets onboard function which we are simply using here.
Apart from that, let's scroll down a little bit to a more interesting place.
Here, this is when the ChatBotPanelDialogue gets instantiated.
The student called it a wrapper here,
so between these and closing tags; you, obviously,
in one of your tasks,
you obviously have to change something.
In this case, we are instantiating the ChatLogic instance on the heap.
We us then setting the handle to the panel dialogue,
this is the pointer to the current instance of the panel dialog,
and then we are loading the answer graph from the file.
We talked about this at length in
the introduction during your view through the slide deck.
You know how the answer graph is structured,
and for more details on all the nodes inside,
you can simply open up this file here,
it contains all the necessary information on nodes and edges.
That's basically what's happening here at dialogue item PrintChatBotResponse.
These are all helper functions which do not have to concern yourselves with so much.
This line here, the ChatBotPanel dialogue item,
this is one answer from the chatbot or one query from the user.
At this position here,
we have to decide what we want to do with it.
Do we want to load the image from the chatbot in
case the message is from the chatbot when this is false,
or do we want to use a proprietary image which displays the user icon here?
This query is about when the message is from the user use a proprietary bitmap,
if it's not from the user,
if it's from the chatbot use the data behind this handle,
which directly leads through the image,
which is managed by the moving chatbot,
which is somewhere in the graph network.
These are the two interesting items here in the ChatBotPanelDialogue item.
Apart from this, I know this is a lot of code here,
but it's not the code which you must look into to solve the tasks.
As I told you before,
the positions in the code,
which you have to think about,
where you have to add something,
are always very easily spottable by these enclosing wrappers here.